{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13320\viewh16080\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1278\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl312\slmult1\sa480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Westpac Group - UI Icons
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 This library of icons is the Westpac Group \'94Global Visual Language". As a result these icons should be used in all Westpac Group user interfaces.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl312\slmult1\sb360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf0 When to use these icons\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 These icons are user interface icons. They are designed to aid navigation and legibility. Icons should always be accompanied by a label however in some cases where the icon has become globally recognised a label is not required. For example the house is now the globally recongnised symbol for home.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl312\slmult1\sb360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf0 When not to use these icons
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The use of these icons purely as page embellishment is not recommended. In Westpac use of icons as page embellishment is off brand and will be rejected.\
Use icons sparingly. Too many icons adds clutter, and confusion to the interface.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl312\slmult1\sb360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf0 Icon sizes:
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 These icons are designed and crafted on a 16px grid. They must only be used at the following sizes: 16px, 32px and 64px. If the icons are not used at these sizes they will appear blurred. They will also be inconsistent with other interfaces across the brand.
\b\fs36 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl312\slmult1\sb360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SVG icons:
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 With the release of the GUI 2.0 We\'92ve superseded the icon font in favour of an SVG implementation. This is a more flexible and accessible approach which also allows users to select much smaller icon subsets rather than adding the entire icon library.\
To learn more about Westpac icons read this article:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gel.westpacgroup.com.au/resources/design/iconography/"}}{\fldrslt https://gel.westpacgroup.com.au/resources/design/iconography/}}\
To see the GUI icon library go here and select your brand:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gel.westpacgroup.com.au/GUI/"}}{\fldrslt https://gel.westpacgroup.com.au/GUI/}}\
\
\
}